It's me you
How much is your car?
What? You want to buy this?
Let me introduce you
My name is Huang Xiannu
Why don't you two hurry up and pour water for the customer?
Walk around the house manager
I know this guy.
Don't be fooled.
Yes, the real estate manager, he is a farmer in the country
So I made a little fortune some time ago.
But which one of your houses is not tens of millions?
Can't afford it at all
Manager Huang, my brother is rich, don't talk nonsense every day
Look at him. He's dressed like a beggar
How can there be money
And you don't look serious at all
Look at him dressed like that
Dressed like this, it doesn't look good
Manager Wang is really a good eye.
He's a ballroom dancer
By seducing men to bed every day
What about making gambling money for his brother?
Better clean up the bar for me
What do you want?
Do you want to do it?
Give me this man for you
If you dare to touch me
I will definitely make you regret it.
Uh uh uh uh
I'm so scared
Lu Yao, you bragging problem
When can I change it?
It makes me sick.
Manager Huang, please kick him out, Manager Wang
Kick them out
Tell the truth
I'm the general manager of the Dawan Group department.
I admit that you are Dawan Group if anything happens.
Ouch, Mr. Yang
I see your temperament, right?
I'll answer you right now, go out, hey, no need.
I can see that your cloud-topped sky is nothing more than that